[funky hip-hop beat layers in]
[Raq] Previously on
Raising Kanan...
We men. Kanan. Men!
See. that's the work. Kanan.
It's taking responsibility
for your own shit.
[gunfire]
[casings clattering]
[Unique] How come you ain't
askin' me about your Uncle Lou?
-[gasping]
-Streets sayin' I put him down.
but guess you ain't get
that memo.
Fuck is the point in talkin'
'bout shit that can't change?
Kanan! Wait!
If you ain't with me.
you against me.
[Marvin] Had to be this
motherfucker 'Nique.
He dumped Lou.
Like he was trash.
Like he wasn't even a person.
You ain't cryin' or nothin'.
We all deal with this shit
different.
Don't tell me how to hurt.
That was my best fuckin' friend
and y'all killed him
for my moms.
We don't even know who or what
the fuck a "Famous" is.
I know shit got
fucked up. Stefano.
Ply your trade elsewhere. Raq.
Queens is no longer
an option for you.
Fuck Stefano and fuck Queens.
We're going to Manhattan.
So you wanna be in business
in Manhattan?
[Raq] There's an opportunity
here.
For both of us.
I'm gonna be frank
with you. Raquel.
This is not the first time
I've been pitched this business.
I'd have to have a big piece.
Nobody ever need to stress
about my money but me.
You stirrin' up trouble. Taz.
You all sour and shit
'cause you think
you gettin' passed over.
[Taz] I am gettin' passed over.
[Juke] If this police shit
is real.
that call on Fame
came from the street.
[tense music playing]
Mrs. Dixon.
I'm Detective Joseph Garcia.
[Iesha] He's been following Juke
around for months.
just trying to mess
with her life.
None of what he's saying
is true.
You shouldn't be wit' me.
You don't mean what you sayin'
right now.
I do.
Fuck you. Juke.
You know. I can almost
understand Kanan havin' doubts.
That's just who he is.
Not you.
[Unique] Hell.
can't trust any of 'em.
Breeze. Snaps. Pop.
Lil' Linguini.
See. they don't need us. Kanan.
They just wanna keep you and me
in the fold for a minute
so our crews don't wild
the fuck out
before they put us down.
Can't run away from shit. nigga.
That's my fuckin' problem.
Maybe you runnin' to somethin'.
-[groans]
-[Marvin] Where 'Nique?
[muted gunshots]
[Pernessa] But what about
everything back in New York?
[Unique] We're done
with New York. P.
We ain't never goin' back.
♪ I'm a hustla. baby ♪
-♪ I'm a hustla. baby ♪
-♪ Yeah ♪
♪ I know heartbreaks Setbacks ♪
♪ Bitch. if I crap out
I'm sure I'ma get back ♪
♪ I been through
The ups and downs ♪
♪ You know I get around ♪
♪ So to me. it's all a part
Of the game ♪
♪ If I ain't the coke man
Or the dope man ♪
♪ I'm almost for sure. man
I gotta take it ♪
♪ No need to say shit
I'm gon' take it ♪
♪ Robberies turn homicide
It's nothin' to play with ♪
♪ Make money
Make-make-make money ♪
♪ When shit hit the fan
We'll take money. Southside ♪
♪ Beef with the best of 'em
Done shot at the rest of 'em ♪
♪ Checks. I'm collectin' 'em
Check. boy. I'm finessin' em ♪
♪ Big bags of bread ♪
♪ Boy. you fuck around
Put a big bag on your head ♪
♪ 'Fore the weather break
You're dead ♪
♪ Let's get to it ♪
♪ They don't do it
Like we do it ♪
♪ Cop it. whip it
Bag it. flip it ♪
♪ Re-up. we up
G'd up. what up? ♪
♪ Runnin' 'round this bitch
Still not givin' a fuck ♪
♪ When it come to that paper
There'll be no complications ♪
♪ Ha-ha. that's right ♪
♪ Put a hole in a nigga
Right in front of you ♪
♪ Your heartbeat pacin' ♪
♪ And it's alright ♪
♪ That's how we do it
On this side ♪
♪ Niggas get to it
♪ I know heartbreaks Setbacks ♪
♪ Bitch. if I crap out
I'm sure I'ma get back ♪
♪ I been through
The ups and downs ♪
♪ You know I get around ♪
♪ So to me. it's all a part
Of the game ♪
♪ If I ain't the coke man
Or the dope man ♪
♪ I'm almost for sure. man
I gotta take it ♪
♪ No need to say shit
I'm gon' take it ♪
♪ Robberies turn homicide
It's nothin' to play with ♪
♪ Ayy. ayy ♪
[sultry female vocalization]
[sirens blipping in distance]
[grim ambient music playing]
Who coppin'? Who coppin'?
No shorts. No shorts.
-No shorts.
-Let me get three.
[car alarm beeps nearby]
[man] No shorts. No shorts.
[from car radio]
♪ Just gimme that ♪
♪ Just gimme that
Gimme that. gimme that ♪
♪ I'm runnin' around the town ♪
♪ They know me
Everywhere I step... ♪
-These motherfuckers. man.
-[car shuts off]
[grim music continues]
Shit lookin' slow tonight.
brothers.
Fuck outta here. man.
You know this 'Nique's corner.
'Nique here?
Where 'Nique at?
Yo. 'Nique! You here?
Where you hidin'. nigga?
Yo. K. You peep 'Nique anywhere?
Nah. I don't see him at all.
Yo. we heard what y'all did
to Akbar.
Yeah. that shit
ain't gonna go unanswered.
By who? Y'all?
That shit's funny.
Look. we ain't put your mans
down out in Jersey.
In fact. we been
gettin' shit in place
to connect 'Nique and y'all
to some work.
But that nigga
ain't nowhere to be found.
We just gonna have to make
these moves without him.
I ain't hear shit about us
linkin' with you.
Don't matter what you heard.
nigga.
This is our corner now.
So either you work for us
or you don't work at all.
This 'Nique's corner.
That's what I'm trying
to explain to you. my man.
You can't run a corner
and be on the run.
And 'Nique runnin'.
Well. fuck it.
This my corner then.
So y'all need to step
the fuck off.
This your corner?
Yeah. nigga.
This his corner.
[music intensifies]
No doubt.
-[echoing gunshot]
-Oh. shit!
Whoa! Goddamn!
-[gunfire]
-Go! Go! Go!
Corner's yours. baby!
[older Kanan] If you ain't got
nobody watchin' your back.
you can be goddamn sure
somebody creepin' up behind you.
But that shit don't matter.
nigga.
All yours.
[older Kanan]
You still gotta get paid.
Still gotta hit that corner.
move that work.
Ain't got no choice.
Gotta make it seem like
business as usual.
'Cause on the block.
lookin' weak...
[car door slams]
Same as bein' weak.
This gonna be your home base.
Every night start and end here.
You either pickin' up product
or you droppin' off money.
[Flossie] And it's not
just about
your existing clients.
Elizabeth.
We wanna bring in
some new customers.
so you'll also be pitching this
as a new service.
And you're gonna get a bigger
piece for anyone you bring in.
Our wins are your wins.
We share that shit.
But it's a different hustle
than you used to.
It ain't just about you no more.
You movin' work.
Our work.
So you need to keep your head up
at all times.
Motherfuckers start
asking you too many questions
or making you wait around.
you get the fuck up outta there.
I'm only offering
this opportunity
to a select group of girls.
Kirsten.
Ones like you.
who have a good head
on their shoulders
and don't fold under pressure.
[Raq] There gonna be some times
when you just makin' drops.
when it ain't about
trickin' at all.
[Flossie] In other words.
Fredericka.
you won't be providing escort
services to these customers.
You'll just be
making deliveries.
[Fredericka] And how much
would I get paid
for making these deliveries?
Because you need to make it
worth my while.
[Marvin] My sister wouldn't be
talking to you
if it wasn't worth
your while. girl.
Ain't gonna lie.
This shit ain't for everybody.
Flossie here think
you cut out for this work.
But if you not. that's okay too.
We just can't have you talking
if you decide not to fuck
wit' it.
You're here because I vouched
for your discretion
and trustworthiness. Tiana.
[Marvin] When you walk
outta here.
that mouth don't open unless
it's taking a dick in it.
[laughs] You sure know how
to sweet-talk a girl. Marvin.
I listen to a lot
of Teddy Pendergrass.
Clearly.
I need all the money I can get.
[dramatic music playing]
Count me in.
Let's do the damn thing then.
[music fades]
[siren wailing nearby]
[dog barking in distance]
[Juke] Can't tell which one
more bootleg...
your car or your crib.
What the fuck
are you doing here?
You been followin' me.
Now I'm tracking you. detective.
You must be out
of your fucking mind
comin' to my house like this.
Need you to leave me
and my peoples alone. Garcia.
If you think followin' me here's
gonna get me to leave you alone.
you don't have
any understanding at all
about how this shit works.
Laverne.
You just made things
100 times worse for yourself.
You got a couple of kids
and another one on the way.
Police ain't payin' you enough
for that mess.
Look at how y'all live. man.
You really don't have
any idea at all
what kind of fucking trouble
you're making for yourself.
You think I made it
tough for you 'til now?
You ain't seen nothin' yet.
What if I could make shit easier
for you and yours?
What if... I help you out
and you help me out in exchange?
[scoffs]
I should just arrest you now.
Or put a bullet in you.
I'm talking about giving you
the kind of help
that pay your bills.
You're fuckin' unbelievable.
Go home.
Get the fuck outta here.
Laverne.
I didn't hear you say no.
though.
Go.
Don't ever come around here
again.
[dramatic music playing]
You keep protectin'
and servin'. detective.
I'll see you soon.
[music fades]
Well. that could not have gone
any better.
All of them signed on.
Bitches wanna get paid.
Probably best
if you don't call them bitches.
At least not to their faces.
We just gettin' started.
We gonna need to get big fast.
grab up market share.
Ain't no point in gettin'
to the startin' line
if you ain't gonna win
the fuckin' race.
Woman after my own heart.
Gotta go meet with
this real estate guy.
-Ciao.
-Word.
[dramatic music playing]
You're a real character. Marvin.
I'm just me.
You're you. No doubt about it.
If you're available.
I'd love it if you could
join me for a drink later.
This isn't me
propositioning you.
I don't never need to pay
for pussy. Know this.
I like to get a clear sense
of the people I'm working with.
and as of now. you and I
are most definitely
in business together.
I can fuck wit' a drink.
I'll see you this evening.
[music fades]
["Such Is Life"
playing in restaurant]
[Pino] So once she brought
Flossie into the mix.
I decided it was an opportunity
worth taking.
Stefano.
Who am I to turn down
an offer to make money?
You get into bed
with Raq at night.
she looks like fuckin'
Diahann Carroll.
In the morning.
you wake up next to Idi Amin
and he's got a fuckin' knife
to your throat.
I just wanted to tell you
face-to-face.
man-to-man.
she and I are working together.
And... all due respect.
I'm not all that interested
in your thoughts on her
or your thoughts on...
on anything else.
for that matter.
All due respect. Right.
Yeah. you... you respect me.
That's why you're workin'
with the broad
who got me a knife
in the fuckin' gut.
You did that to yourself.
You.
You shoulda never tangled
with Jersey like you did.
That was all ego.
Fuckin' pissin' contest
with Sal Boselli.
May he rest in peace.
I want you to know
I don't like the idea
of you and her workin' together.
Nothin' more. Nothin' less.
Noted.
Enjoy the trip
back across the bridge.
[tuts] Let's go. Come on.
Come on.
How'd that go?
The fuckin' balls on that guy.
It's like a third-string catcher
from Triple-A
steppin' into Yankee Stadium.
telling Mickey Mantle
how to hit a fuckin' curve.
[tense music playing]
[music fades]
[Kanan] So I'm thinkin' now...
maybe she didn't take out Fame.
Maybe somebody else
made that call.
Police always lyin'.
That's some shit out here
we know for sure:
Five-O stay bullshittin'.
Way they was talkin'
'bout it. though...
Gotta say. I believe 'em.
Then who the fuck did it
if it wasn't Raq?
I don't know.
Don't even think it matter now.
[sighs]
Yo. I gotta say
I'm sorry to you and shit.
I shoulda never pulled my gat
on you that night like I did.
That was fucked up.
Turns out.
that was the least fucked up
shit that happened that night.
How you feelin' about all that?
Uncle Lou. I mean.
I feel fucked up.
[solemn music playing]
[exhales] I keep tellin' myself
that he outta town
or some shit...
[chuckles wryly] ...and that he
gonna be back sometime soon.
But it only lasts
for a minute...
and then I'm all fucked up
again.
♪♪
Marvin in a bad place.
Barely sleeping.
And... he don't really
talk much neither.
He's just... quiet
most of the time.
We never really talked about
what happened that night.
Wit' you and Raq.
When you left. seemed like
you was on some craziness.
It's the same old shit.
You know how that go.
Her tellin' me everything
she done been for me.
how all she do
is clean up my mess.
Nothin' is gon' change wit' her.
Never will.
What she say about Krystal?
The fuck you think she said?
She ain't have nothin'
to do with it.
You believe her?
I don't know.
I don't care.
Raq and me done.
Don't matter what she done
or what she gon' do.
She dead to me already.
-[music fades]
-[chatter. laughter]
-You're crazy.
-[laughter]
I'm sure y'all niggas
heard already.
I'm lookin' for 'Nique.
[mellow '60s pop music
plays faintly in shop]
And anyone who get me to him
gonna get real paid.
This just the down payment.
Whole lot more behind it.
Don't know nothin' about
where 'Nique staying at.
But I heard he in business
with your little nephew.
Kanan?
Him and some other kid. Breeze.
Fuck outta here.
It's what I heard.
I heard the same shit.
This motherfucker Kanan
must be outta his damn mind.
[tense. ominous music playing]
And who the fuck is Breeze?
That was good work last night.
[chuckles] You don't get shook.
That ain't shit you can teach.
It's all good. man. I got you.
Your world about to get
a whole lot bigger.
And your pockets
a whole lot fatter.
You takin' all
'Nique's old corners.
Yeah. Crew the fuck up
and get out on that track.
my nigga.
Wanna make sure my bike guys
get looked after.
Shit is small potatoes. man.
Taz'll handle that.
What if 'Nique come back?
We gonna take care of what
the fuck we was handlin'
the other night.
Clock runnin' out
on all these old niggas. Kanan.
It's us now. You and me.
Young guns.
[quietly] Everybody else need
to get the fuck out the way.
[dramatic music playing]
[music fades]
Even with the cosmetic changes
we've discussed.
this will be a tough sale.
The neighborhood
is transitioning.
In the wrong direction.
Well. you was whistlin'
a real different tune
when you sold
this shit to me. though.
Tellin' me how this block
was on the upswing
and all of that other
happy bullshit.
There was a murder
on this property recently.
Ms. Thomas.
That's something I'm required
to disclose
to any potential buyers.
It may scare them away.
Look. I need the cash
and I need it now.
You find someone
to take this shit off my hands.
and I'll make sure you get
a nice cut of the deal.
[ominous music playing]
I may have a buyer from overseas
who'd be interested.
But he's not someone
who'd want a bank
or any other sort
of financial institution
involved in this transaction.
If he pay in American dollars.
we good.
♪♪
[music fades]
Kanan!
It's Marvin.
Open up.
[door unlocks]
You fuckin' with 'Nique?
For real?
That motherfucker
killed your uncle.
The fuck you hear that?
The block.
And if that shit's true.
you and me.
we got a real fuckin' problem.
Kanan.
It's not true.
Surprise. surprise.
block got it wrong.
Didn't come from nowhere.
Had to be somethin' to it.
The fuck you doin' out here.
Kanan?
And who the fuck is Breeze?
Breeze just some Brooklyn nigga
I'm fuckin' with now.
He was talkin' to 'Nique
about some work
but it never went past that.
Just talk. That's all.
Far as I heard. 'Nique is gone.
In the fuckin' wind.
How you know?
'Cause we takin' all his shit
and he ain't doin' nothin'
'bout it.
Wait.
That was y'all on 150
last night?
I'm about business right now.
Uncle Marvin.
You should be too.
We got a spot for you
if you lookin'.
[dramatic music playing]
I know you didn't just ask me
if I wanted to work for you.
I'm just sayin'.
we always lookin'...
Look. I don't know
who Breeze is.
or who the fuck
you think you are.
but I know who the fuck I am
and I'm a goddamn gangster.
nigga.
That's something you and your
fucking little Pop Warner team
don't know shit about
and won't never know shit about.
Y'all playin' this game. nigga.
I live it. I eat it. I shit it.
I don't work for you. Kanan.
You work for me.
You understand what I'm saying
to you. boy?
I don't give a fuck
how many niggas you drop.
how many corners you take.
You will never be above me
'cause you can't climb
that high. nigga.
Hell. you can't even see me!
I'm not workin' with 'Nique
and I don't know
where the fuck he is.
But I got shit to do.
♪♪
Stay up...
gangster.
["Good Times" playing over
speakers]
[chatter. laughter]
-Want another drink?
-I'm cool.
-Okay.
-No.
♪ There's gotta be
Somewhere else for me ♪
♪ I gotta get away
Yeah. hey. hey ♪
♪ No pain and stress
To worry me ♪
♪ A special time and space ♪
♪ It's giving good times... ♪
It's been a minute.
♪ Good times. good times... ♪
[Jackie] Yeah. it has.
♪ Good times ♪
♪ Good times. good times ♪
[song ends]
Kanan offered you a job?
This little nigga
puffin' out his chest
like he invented
the fuckin' corner.
Never even heard
of this kid Breeze.
Kanan's sayin'
'Nique is on the run.
But I don't believe that.
[sighs]
[muted] I mean. you think
'Nique the type to run
when shit get hot?
[echoing gunshots]
-[jarring music playing]
-[Raq pants] Lou!
[cries] I love you. Lou.
Yo. let's go talk
in the kitchen.
-I need to get some water.
-[music fades]
Just get the water
and bring it back here.
I wanna talk in the kitchen.
Is that really a fuckin' problem
for you. Marvin?
♪ Nobody loves you. baby ♪
["Nobody Loves You"
playing softly in room]
You keep circling back on me.
I'm gonna start to think
this means something.
I get feelings fast. Juke.
Why it gotta be more
than this. though?
[laughs] I don't know.
maybe 'cause we like each other.
But maybe it doesn't 'cause...
you're real good at fuckin'.
And I wouldn't wanna
miss all that.
You good too.
You're lucky you found me
at Plume tonight. though.
I'm not really up in that spot
anymore.
The drinks are too expensive
and my poor ass is on a budget.
Mmm. We'll skip
the drinks next time.
♪♪
♪ Nothing better
I can't help it ♪
This new kid gotta have connects
in Queens to post up like this.
Fuck does it even matter to us?
We in Manhattan now.
If he here. he messin'
with Stefano and all of them.
And Stefano's still a thorn
in our fuckin' side.
'Nique a thorn
in my fuckin' neck.
'Nique gone. Marvin.
Kanan right.
If his corners gettin' took
and his people gettin' dropped
and he ain't doin' shit
about it. he gone.
And most likely
he ain't comin' back.
You asked me if 'Nique
was the type to bounce
and my answer is...
if he don't see a way
to be top dog out here.
'Nique gonna go find some
other tree to fuckin' piss on.
The nigga ain't runnin'. Marvin.
He just movin' on.
You need to move
the fuck on too.
[grim music playing]
-[music fades]
-[mellow music plays]
Yo. Here we go.
[chuckles]
-Yeah. there he is. huh?
-How you doin'?
South Jamaica's favorite son.
huh?
Not according to my moms.
Hey. sit. kid. Please.
Sit. Sit.
Here. have a little wine.
There.
Yeah. yeah. Your moms.
as. uh. you call her.
is why I wanted
to talk to you. actually.
I'm assuming you're aware
that she's hung her shingle
in Manhattan?
I don't know what the fuck
that means. Mr. Marchetti.
[laughs] I'm talkin' to you like
you're a 72-year-old paisan
who's on a fuckin' stat in
and a high fiber diet.
[laughs]
Look. your mother is working
in Manhattan now. Kanan.
She's linked up
with Pino Bernardi.
an unparalleled cocksucker.
and this Jew broad.
Flossie Siegel.
who's got a stable of whores
that are now moving your
mother's weight around the city.
So Raq not fuckin'
wit' Queens no more.
Not as long as
I'm still alive and breathin'.
And I told her as much.
But she found a loophole
in our conversation.
Which makes her feel
like Manhattan
is an acceptable place
of business for her.
[Kanan] I mean. long as
she not in Queens.
we good. though.
[ominous music playing]
What she's doing
is embarrassing to me.
And I don't like
to be embarrassed.
I just wanna make sure
that my issues with her
won't become my issue with you.
Because...
things could get messy.
I have way more mess with her
than you do. Mr. Marchetti.
[snorts] Yeah.
Somehow...
that doesn't surprise me.
[music fades]
["Dreamtime" playing
in apartment]
♪ After all the busy bees
Stop buzzin'... ♪
So this how y'all livin'.
♪♪
What's goin' on here?
Oh. That's my daughter
at her bat mitzvah.
Here.
Her "bat its ah"?
What kind of shit is that?
Her bat mitzvah.
When Jewish kids
turn thirteen years old.
they go to a temple
and they stand up
in front of all their family
and friends
and they read and sing
and give a short speech.
and then there's
a big party after. It's fun.
So all y'all Jewish niggas
step to the mic and spit
when you turn thirteen?
Yeah. I mean. I never
thought about it that way.
but I guess so.
A bat mitzvah.
-Okay.
-[chuckles]
Where your daughter at now?
Shira died about five years ago.
Damn.
I'm sorry.
[Flossie] We don't need
to talk about that.
Or me.
I don't want to talk
about me at all.
I want to learn
about you. Marvin.
because I think
you're fascinating.
If you say so.
My job is men. Marvin.
I know them better
than they know themselves.
and in my experience.
most men are too insecure
to accept a woman
in any position of power.
But not you.
You have no problem
working for a woman.
your sister no less.
and that tells me you're either
unusually confident
or uniquely capable
of subverting your ego
to benefit your business.
Or both.
That's impressive.
I mean. it's kind of
extraordinary. actually.
Look. I'ma say it again
so you hear me.
I don't pay for pussy.
[laughs] You can't afford
this pussy. Marvin.
Not on your best fuckin' day.
[scoffs]
[Flossie chuckles]
What you hear about 'Nique?
That nigga dead for real
this time?
I ain't heard shit.
[mellow jazz music
playing in restaurant]
But we out here. steady takin'
his corners and work.
Well. that nigga turn up
at real inopportune times.
How are his people responding
to your movement
into their territory?
Got a little pushback.
Pushed back even harder.
if you know what I'm saying.
Mm-hmm. 'Nique is nothin'
if not strategic.
So let's not forget that
that shifty motherfucker
played dead for months
while he upended
all of our fucking lives.
Having said that.
I'm sure it's apparent to 'Nique
that the current
competitive landscape
didn't favor his continued
health and well-being.
And having escaped
the grim reaper
the first time around.
he might have opted
not to tempt fate
the second time.
What Snaps is sayin'
is 'Nique turned bitch.
No. I'm saying he may have made
a calculation.
a correct one. by the way.
and adjusted accordingly.
Either way. we up and runnin'
and makin' this fuckin' money.
[dramatic music playing]
[music fades]
I appreciate you
coming over. Marvin.
It was good
getting to know you better.
You too.
I'm so sorry about your brother.
In Judaism. when someone dies.
we say. "May their memory
be a blessing."
In other words.
may all your best thoughts
about the person
who's no longer here
fill up your heart.
I thought about that a lot
when I lost my daughter.
Street say the same shit
when somebody get put down.
What goes around
comes the fuck back around.
I'm not sure that's exactly
the same thing
but I certainly understand
that point of view.
More than you know.
[solemn music playing]
Goodnight. Marvin.
Night. Flossie.
[music fades]
[Raq] When you hit that corner.
roll up. spray them niggas.
and jet.
Ain't no need to linger
or check your work.
It's a message. not a move.
[grim. ominous music playing]
[music fades]
[car horn honks]
Get in.
[siren wailing in distance]
[inhales deeply]
[sighs] My price.
[sighs]
Word. [sighs]
[inhales]
As soon as I handed that to you.
there was no turning back...
for either of us.
[dramatic music playing]
You fuck with me...
I'll kill you.
[door slams]
[music fades]
Just got a lot of feelings
about...
what happened to Lou.
And I don't know
what to do with 'em.
You've been knowing my family
for forever.
so I just thought...
we could talk.
Or something.
Why don't you talk
and I'll listen.
How are you feeling?
[inhales deeply]
I'm sad.
I'm angry.
Don't care about some shit.
and...
and care too much
about other shit.
Mostly just need to do something
to stop...
all this noise in my head.
Pastor Evans.
But the one thing
that might do that...
ain't possible right now.
And what is that one thing?
Find the nigga
who killed my brother...
and give all this pain to him.
So you wanna talk to the killer.
You wanna share with him or her
your feelings of loss and anger.
It's a him.
Your peace is in you. Marvin.
No one can give it to you
or take it from you.
It's you.
It's God.
To make peace with Lou's death.
you have to find God.
And the only way to do that
is to ask for forgiveness.
I don't need forgiveness.
[solemn music playing]
I need my brother.
[Pastor Evans sighs]
[music fades]
[vehicle approaching]
Looks good.
Thought you got fired
or some shit.
Fuck you talkin' about?
We heard Breeze
been playin' you to the left
for some new kid.
Where you hear that?
We saw your boy. Ricky Roe.
out the other night.
He told us.
Fuck Ricky.
And fuck y'all.
Sorry assholes
ain't got shit to do
but talk about the nigga
above 'em.
You ain't above us. Taz.
You just the guy
who brings us our shit.
[grunting] Shit!
I'm above you now!
-[grunting]
-Yo. yo. yo. yo! Yo!
Taz. chill.
Chill.
-What the fuck?
-[exhales]
You white boys better watch
how you talk to a Black man.
I ain't fuckin' 'round
wit' y'all!
Nobody playin' me to the left.
Nobody.
[dramatic music playing]
[coughing]
[engine starts]
Hey! Hey! What's the 411. kids?
[Vanessa] Don't 411 me!
Where have you been?
[Mark] Just playin' a little...
Trust me. he ain't someone you
wanna see half naked. though.
[Vanessa] I don't believe it.
Unh-uh.
[Mark] Nah. He got
those liver spots.
You know. that skin condition?
Make him look like
Jabba the Hutt.
[audience laughter on TV]
[Vanessa] No. Mark.
I mean I don't believe
he would do all that with
someone from the mail room.
-He wouldn't.
-[Mark] He wouldn't.
You're looking at
the new assistant
managing director of sales.
-[glass clinks on table]
-[Vanessa] What?
Mark! That's wonderful!
It's-it's incredible!
It's... it's insane.
Why the hell would he do that?
[Mark] I just landed
the company a major client
and he said if I can get
one more like that.
it's worth my salary.
[Vanessa] He put you
on a salary?
[Mark splutters] And...
he gave me a secretary.
[click]
You good?
No.
I'm not good.
Uncle Lou.
Lou.
You.
Kanan. Raq. 'Nique.
Every nigga under the sun.
I feel the same way.
And I been thinkin' about it
a lot. and...
let's get the hell
outta Southside.
Just go somewhere
where all this ill shit
ain't happening.
Ill shit happen anywhere. Juke.
And I'm the nigga
that always find it.
But you know what?
You could go. Juke.
You can leave all this bullshit
behind and...
and you should. I want you to.
Who gon' have your back then?
-I don't need nobody.
-You do.
You do need somebody.
And I need you.
I need my father.
[sighs]
[somber. dramatic music playing]
How'd I not fuck you up?
I mean. I fuck up everything.
And you. somehow...
this amazing kid.
How'd that happen?
If we not gonna leave.
then I wanna work wit' you.
-Juke.
-The safest place for us
is next to each other.
I don't want that for you.
It's not about what you want!
It's about what I want.
and I want to be wit' you.
Fuck! Why you doin' this to me?
[inhales sharply]
[inhales deeply]
Because I love you.
[exhales forcefully]
Shit. I mean...
I love you too.
-[inhales deeply]
-[Marvin] I love you
more than any-fucking-thing.
[music fades]
I ain't goin' nowhere.
Know this.
I been here before you.
And I'ma be here after you gone.
I'm talkin' to you.
motherfucker.
This nigga fuckin' up my count.
[tense music playing]
Fuck you. Kanan.
[laughs softly]
[music fades]
["Down 4 Me" playing
in Cafe Vous]
Wanna be in the mix so bad.
we gonna throw you in
with the wolves tonight.
see how you do.
Call all these
sorry-ass niggas wolves?
Wait 'til you see 'em
when they glass ain't full.
So...
you gonna look out for whatever
customers come through.
Keep 'em liquored up
and out the way.
Shouldn't be much.
Ain't many people in here
no more.
But...
these hos
gonna come and go all night.
You collect they money.
And Riff...
gon' send 'em out with the work.
And look out for you.
Any dramatics. he gon' step in.
Just in case...
there's a gat under the bar
near the sink.
Any shit pop off.
don't hesitate.
I won't.
I still hate this shit for you.
It's for us.
[somber music playing]
[music fades]
[overlapping chatter]
["Bang Out" playing loudly
from car stereo]
Hey. yo. Who this?
-[engine racing]
-[tires screeching]
[bullets ricocheting. pinging]
[tires screeching]
[indistinct shouting]
-[engine racing]
-[music fades in distance]
["It's On Tonight"
playing in Cafe Vous]
♪ Let's groove and party
'Cause it's on tonight ♪
♪ Keep moving
Feel our bodies coming alive ♪
♪ Let's groove and party... ♪
Marvin told me
you was gettin' down.
Didn't realize he was
talkin' 'bout tonight.
[sighs] After all the shit
you got to say
about what I do. you here.
workin' for me.
I'm workin' with my dad.
[Raq] My bad.
Right.
You workin' with Marvin.
Ain't got shit to do with me.
[ominous music playing]
[chuckles softly]
You funny. Juke.
[music transitions into
dark. dramatic music]
[siren wailing]
[indistinct police radio
chatter]
[indistinct chatter]
[flash snapping]
[engine starts]
[music fades]
["Gotta Move Weight" playing]
[Tiana] Yo.
♪ When you're from the bottom
All your nights are sleepless ♪
♪ Run if you hear gunshots
They teach us ♪
♪ And to keep away
The night creepers ♪
♪ End the night with a prayer
That the good Lord keep us ♪
♪ Been runnin'. gunnin'
In these streets ♪
♪ Takin' names
From these wannabes ♪
♪ They ain't comin' for me ♪
♪ They see the back
Of my cleats ♪
♪ The heel of my feet
Back wheels of my Jeep ♪
♪ I got your trick-or-treat ♪
♪ Move weight ♪
♪ Gotta move weight
Or this is your doomsday ♪
♪ Gotta move weight ♪
♪ Or this could be
Your doomsday ♪
♪ Move weight ♪
How come you look better
every time I see you?
'Cause your eyes
keep getting worse.
♪ Puttin' fuel on the fire
While you expire ♪
♪ Force your hand. make you
And your man retire ♪
♪ You decide
If you're ready to ride ♪
♪ Collide and meet this nine
In your side or stay alive ♪
♪ 'Til then. we in a cage
Made by design ♪
♪ Born to die. that's the fine
Gotta do the time ♪
♪ Ain't no gettin' out
Of this life of crime ♪
-♪ Never ♪
-♪ Might as well say goodbye ♪
♪ Move weight ♪
♪ Gotta move weight ♪
♪ Or this is your doomsday ♪
♪ Or this could be
Your doomsday ♪
My Scooby Snacks have arrived.
♪ Move weight or this
Could be your doomsday ♪
Gonna be a late one tonight.
♪ Puttin' fuel on the fire
While you expire ♪
♪ Force your hand. make you
And your man retire ♪
♪ You decide
If you're ready to ride ♪
♪ Collide and meet this nine
In your side or stay alive ♪
♪ 'Til then. we in a cage
Made by design ♪
♪ Born to die. that's the fine
Gotta do the time ♪
♪ Ain't no gettin'
Outta this life of crime ♪
♪ Might as well say goodbye
To the lighter side ♪
♪♪
[inhales deeply]
Riff got another job for you.
Can't. Flossie hit me.
I got a trick across town.
New guy. Can't be late.
-[song fades]
-[dramatic music playing]
[dog barking in distance]
[music fades]
Spoke to Pastor Evans today.
What's Pastor sayin'?
[Marvin] Mostly just listened
to me talk about Lou.
But he did tell me
I need to find God.
Course he did.
That's the business he in.
You believe in God?
[somber music playing]
Shit.
I don't know.
[Raq sighs]
Sometimes.
I do. I believe in him.
I mean. it can't just be all
this shit happen by accident.
Someone placed us here
for a reason.
Somebody gotta have
a bigger plan for us
than just this bullshit.
Maybe so.
I mean. when shit get ill.
and it seem like...
you ain't got nothin' left.
you start prayin'.
You ain't prayin' to the mayor
or the fuckin' president.
or even Mama to save you.
You prayin' to God.
But maybe you prayin' like that
'cause you so pressed.
start reachin' for shit
that ain't true.
Or maybe you so pressed that...
you finally reach the truth.
Shit. Fuck if I know.
Just feel like I'm lookin'
for some shit I lost
and I know I'm never
gonna find it.
[music darkens]
Keep lookin' anyway.
It ain't even about just Lou.
It's about us.
It's about everything.
Maybe...
we all lost. Raq.
And maybe...
we ain't never gon' be found.
[music fades]
[dramatic music playing]
[older Kanan] You do this shit
long enough.
one thing's for sure.
Your circle gonna get
a hell of a lot smaller.
You gon' lose damn near
every nigga you ever trusted.
What's your name?
Whatever you want it to be.
[older Kanan] And as tough
as it is to lose
all your old friends...
the shit you really need
to worry about
is your new ones.
'Cause you can't trust
new friends. nigga.
Not ever.
["Sneakin' Up On You" playing]
♪ Yeah. I'm out
Like three strikes ♪
-♪ Sneakin' up ♪
-♪ Creepin' up on ya ♪
♪ Creepin'. creepin' up on ya ♪
♪ Creepin' up on ya
Creepin'. creepin' up on ya ♪
♪ My lovely lengthy dreadlocks
Be roastin' on an open fire ♪
♪ Twisted tongue that's
Slippin'. lyrically limpin' ♪
♪ At your Pinocchi-nose ♪
♪ I'm budda-ba-bad
Budda-ba-bad to the bone ♪
♪ And crafty
Sufferin' succotash ♪
♪ I let lyrics fly
Like D-Daffy ♪
♪ So pass the blunt
So I can really try to figure ♪
♪ How I learned
This foolish. foolish ♪
♪ Lyrical style I deliver ♪
♪ Maybe way down upon
A swampy river ♪
-♪ Far. far away ♪
-♪ Hooray! ♪
♪ Yippie-kay-yo-kay-yay Whoa ♪
♪ The dish ran away with the
Spoon. ain't that somethin' ♪
♪ And then I-I found
F-Fuck five feet of linen ♪
♪ I pop eyes. like Bluto
Ah-how you like judo? ♪
♪ Not Hong Kong Phooey
I chop like some suey ♪
♪ Like Doc Bruce Banner
I got struck by gamma ♪
♪ So don't-don't you cry-cry
For me. O Susanna ♪
♪ Tell your grandma. grandpa
Pops and your mama ♪
♪ That you got the right one
Baby. eh-heh ♪
♪ Freakin' the stuttering style
Black. for just one reason ♪
♪ I think it's wabbit season
Nah-uh. duck season ♪
♪ Wabbit season. duck season ♪
♪ Wabbit season Ah. shut up ♪
♪ And button your lip
It's MC season. dagnabbit ♪
♪ And... [trills]
I hate rabbits! ♪
♪ Be very. very quiet
A-hunting we will go ♪
♪ Hi-ho. the merry-o Cheerio ♪
♪ Chip's about to drop
A hot potato! ♪
♪ Yumpin' Yiminy
Jiminy Cricket kicks it ♪
♪ Rugged and rough shit
Like this silly wabbit ♪
♪ I got 'nough tricks to pick
But I'll chill instead ♪
♪ 'Cause what a wicked... ♪